.github/issue_template.md, before:

<!--
First of all, please read this section

https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#reporting-a-bug

Some advices before file an issue
  * Give a brief explanation of the issue, suggestion or feature to request.
  * If the issue is a question, provide as much information you have available.
  * How can I do in order to reproduce it? What environment?
  * Define which version the issue happens and whether previous version the behaviour is correct.
  * Provide your config file is really helpful. Please be aware to hide sensisive data (passwords, server IP, etc) before post.
-->

#### My reason:
#### Steps to reproduce:
#### App Version:
#### Config file:
#### Additional information:

 - `$ NODE_DEBUG=request verdaccio` display request calls (verdaccio <--> uplinks)
 - `$ DEBUG=express:* verdaccio` enable extreme verdaccio debug mode (verdaccio api)
 - `$ npm -ddd` prints:
 - `$ npm config get registry` prints:
 - Verdaccio terminal output
 - Which (Windows, OS X/macOS, or Linux) environment are you running verdaccio?:
 - Verdaccio configuration file, eg: `cat ~/.config/verdaccio/config.yaml`
  - Container Options:
   - Docker?:
   - Kubernetes?:

#### Additional verbose log:

Commit message:

build: update issue templates for use info new flag (#1377)

.github/issue_template.md, after:

<!--
First of all, please read this section

https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#reporting-a-bug

Some advices before file an issue
  * Give a brief explanation of the issue, suggestion or feature to request.
  * If the issue is a question, provide as much information you have available.
  * How can I do in order to reproduce it? What environment?
  * Define which version the issue happens and whether previous version the behaviour is correct.
  * Provide your config file is really helpful. Please be aware to hide sensisive data (passwords, server IP, etc) before post.
-->

#### My reason:
#### Steps to reproduce:
#### App Version:
#### Config file:
#### Additional information:

 - `$ NODE_DEBUG=request verdaccio` display request calls (verdaccio <--> uplinks)
 - `$ DEBUG=express:* verdaccio` enable extreme verdaccio debug mode (verdaccio api)
 - `$ npm -ddd` prints:
 - `$ npm config get registry` prints:
 - Verdaccio terminal output
 - Please paste the results of `verdaccio --info` here:

 <!-- Local environment information -->
 
 - Verdaccio configuration file, eg: `cat ~/.config/verdaccio/config.yaml`
  - Container Options:
   - Docker?:
   - Kubernetes?:

#### Additional verbose log:
