VERSIONS.md, before:

# Versions

The following table describes the versions of this project:

| Version          | Supported          | Minimum Node.js | Branch | Npm Tag          | Docker Images           | Helm Charts |
| ---------------- | ------------------ | --------------- | ------ | ---------------- | ----------------------- | ----------- |
| 4.x              | :x: (deprecated)   | 10              | 4.x    | latest-4         | 4, 4.x, 4.x.x, 4.x-next | 3.x         |
| 5.x previous     | :x: (deprecated)   | 14              | 5.x    | latest-5         | 5, 5.x, 5.x.x, 5.x-next | 4.0 - 4.18  |
| 6.x current      | :white_check_mark: | 18              | 6.x    | latest-6, latest | 6, 6.x, 6.x.x, 6.x-next | 4.19 - ...  |
| 7.x next         | :x:                | 18              | 7.x    | next-7           | 7.x-next                | n/a         |
| 8.x experimental | :x:                | 18              | master | next-8           | nightly-master          | n/a         |

## Npm Registry

The official Verdaccio npm packages are located at https://www.npmjs.com/package/verdaccio.

## Docker Hub

The official Verdaccio Docker Images are found at https://hub.docker.com/r/verdaccio/verdaccio.

## Helms Charts

The official Verdaccio Helm Charts are found at https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/verdaccio/verdaccio.

Commit message:

website: update env and migration docs

VERSIONS.md, after:

# Versions

The following table describes the versions of this project:

| Version          | Supported          | Minimum Node.js | Branch | Npm Tag          | Docker Images           | Helm Charts |
| ---------------- | ------------------ | --------------- | ------ | ---------------- | ----------------------- | ----------- |
| 4.x              | :x: (deprecated)   | 10              | 4.x    | latest-4         | 4, 4.x, 4.x.x, 4.x-next | 3.x         |
| 5.x previous     | :x: (deprecated)   | 14              | 5.x    | latest-5         | 5, 5.x, 5.x.x, 5.x-next | 4.0 - 4.18  |
| 6.x current      | :white_check_mark: | 18              | 6.x    | latest-6, latest | 6, 6.x, 6.x.x, 6.x-next | 4.19 - ...  |
| 7.x next         | :x:                | 18              | 7.x    | next-7           | 7.x-next                | n/a         |
| 8.x experimental | :x:                | 18              | master | next-8           | nightly-master          | n/a         |

## Migration Guide

The migration from Verdaccio v5/v6 to v7 contains breaking changes. Refer to the priliminary [migration guide](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/blob/master/docs/migration-v5-to-v6.md) for more information.

For migrations from older versions to v5/6 refer to the [v5 migration guide](https://verdaccio.org/blog/2021/04/14/verdaccio-5-migration-guide/).

## Npm Registry

The official Verdaccio npm packages are located at https://www.npmjs.com/package/verdaccio.

## Docker Hub

The official Verdaccio Docker Images are found at https://hub.docker.com/r/verdaccio/verdaccio.

## Helms Charts

The official Verdaccio Helm Charts are found at https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/verdaccio/verdaccio.
