packages/api/README.md, before:

# @verdaccio/api

[![backers](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/tiers/backer/badge.svg?label=Backer&color=brightgreen)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio)
[![stackshare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow%20on-StackShare-blue.svg?logo=stackshare&style=flat)](https://stackshare.io/verdaccio)
[![MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Crowdin](https://d322cqt584bo4o.cloudfront.net/verdaccio/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/verdaccio)
[![TODOs](https://badgen.net/https/api.tickgit.com/badgen/github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio)](https://www.tickgit.com/browse?repo=github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio)

[![Github](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/verdaccio/verdaccio.svg?style=social&label=Stars)](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/stargazers)

## Donations

Verdaccio is run by **volunteers**; nobody is working full-time on it. If you find this project to be useful and would like to support its development, consider making a donation - **your logo might end up in this readme.** 😉

**[Donate](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio)** 💵👍🏻 starting from _\$1/month_ or just one single contribution.

## Report a vulnerability

If you want to report a security vulnerability, please follow the steps which we have defined for you in our [security policy](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/security/policy).

## Open Collective Sponsors

Support this project by becoming a sponsor. Your logo will show up here with a link to your website. [[Become a sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio#sponsor)]

[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/0/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/0/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/1/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/1/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/2/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/2/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/3/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/3/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/4/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/4/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/5/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/5/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/6/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/6/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/7/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/7/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/8/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/8/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/9/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/9/website)

## Open Collective Backers

Thank you to all our backers! 🙏 [[Become a backer](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio#backer)]

[![backers](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/backers.svg?width=890)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio#backers)

## Special Thanks

Thanks to the following companies to help us to achieve our goals providing free open source licenses.

Commit message:

chore: update readme badges and license files (#5145)
* chore: update readme badges and license files

* stargazers

packages/api/README.md, after:

# @verdaccio/api - Verdaccio Registry API

[![Verdaccio Home](https://img.shields.io/badge/Homepage-Verdaccio-405236?style=flat)](https://verdaccio.org)
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/verdaccio/verdaccio?label=License&color=405236)](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Verdaccio Latest](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/verdaccio?label=Latest%20Version&color=405236)](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio)
[![This Package Latest](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@verdaccio/api?label=@verdaccio/api&color=405236)](https://npmjs.com/package/@verdaccio/api)

[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Help-Verdaccio?style=flat&logo=Verdaccio&label=Verdaccio&color=cd4000)](https://verdaccio.org/docs)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chat-Discord?style=flat&logo=Discord&label=Discord&color=cd4000)](https://discord.com/channels/388674437219745793)
[![Bluesky](https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow-Bluesky?style=flat&logo=Bluesky&label=Bluesky&color=cd4000)](https://bsky.app/profile/verdaccio.org)
[![Backers](https://img.shields.io/opencollective/backers/verdaccio?style=flat&logo=opencollective&label=Join%20Backers&color=cd4000)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/contribute)
[![Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/opencollective/sponsors/verdaccio?style=flat&logo=opencollective&label=Sponsor%20Us&color=cd4000)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/contribute)

[![Verdaccio Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/verdaccio?style=flat&logo=npm&label=Npm%20Downloads&color=lightgrey)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/verdaccio)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/verdaccio/verdaccio?style=flat&logo=docker&label=Docker%20Pulls&color=lightgrey)](https://hub.docker.com/r/verdaccio/verdaccio)
[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/verdaccio?style=flat&logo=github&label=GitHub%20Stars%20%E2%AD%90&color=lightgrey)](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/stargazers)

## Donations

Verdaccio is run by **volunteers**; nobody is working full-time on it. If you find this project to be useful and would like to support its development, consider making a donation - **your logo might end up in this readme.** 😉

**[Donate](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio)** 💵👍🏻 starting from _\$1/month_ or just one single contribution.

## Report a vulnerability

If you want to report a security vulnerability, please follow the steps which we have defined for you in our [security policy](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/security/policy).

## Open Collective Sponsors

Support this project by becoming a sponsor. Your logo will show up here with a link to your website. [[Become a sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/contribute)]

[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/0/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/0/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/1/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/1/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/2/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/2/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/3/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/3/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/4/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/4/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/5/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/5/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/6/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/6/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/7/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/7/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/8/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/8/website)
[![sponsor](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/9/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/sponsor/9/website)

## Open Collective Backers

Thank you to all our backers! 🙏 [[Become a backer](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/contribute)]

[![backers](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/backers.svg?width=890)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/contributes)

## Special Thanks

Thanks to the following companies to help us to achieve our goals providing free open source licenses.
