docs/config.md, before:

---
id: configuration
title: "Configuration File"
---

This file is the cornerstone of verdaccio where you can modify the default behaviour, enable plugins and extend features.

A default configuration file is created the very first time you run `verdaccio`.

## Default Configuration

The default configuration has support for **scoped** packages and allow any user to access all packages but only **authenticated users to publish**.

```yaml
storage: ./storage
auth:
  htpasswd:
    file: ./htpasswd
uplinks:
  npmjs:
    url: https://registry.npmjs.org/
packages:
  '@*/*':
    access: $all
    publish: $authenticated
    proxy: npmjs
  '**':
    proxy: npmjs
logs:
  - {type: stdout, format: pretty, level: http}
```

## Sections

The following sections explain what each property means and the different options.

### Storage

Is the location of the default storage. **Verdaccio is by default based on local file system**.

```yaml
storage: ./storage
```

### Plugins

Is the location of the plugin directory. Useful for Docker/Kubernetes based deployments.

```yaml
plugins: ./plugins
```

### Authentification

The authentification set up is done here, the default auth is based on `htpasswd` and is built-in. You can modify this behaviour via [plugins](plugins.md). For more information about this section read the [auth page](auth.md).

```yaml
auth:
  htpasswd:
    file: ./htpasswd
    max_users: 1000
```

### Web UI

This properties allow you to modify the look and feel of the web UI. For more information about this section read the [web ui page](web.md).

```yaml
web:
  enable: true
  title: Verdaccio
  logo: logo.png
  scope:
```

### Uplinks

Uplinks is the ability of the system to fetch packages from remote registries when those packages are not available locally. For more information about this section read the [uplinks page](uplinks.md).


```yaml
uplinks:
  npmjs:
    url: https://registry.npmjs.org/
```

### Packages

Packages allow the user to control how the packages are gonna be accessed. For more information about this section read the [packages page](packages.md).


```yaml
packages:
  '@*/*':
    access: $all
    publish: $authenticated
    proxy: npmjs
```

## Advanced Settings

### Offline Publish

By default `verdaccio` does not allow to publish when the client is offline, that behavior can be overridden by setting this to *true*.

```yaml
publish:
  allow_offline: false
```

<small>Since: `verdaccio@2.3.6` due [#223](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/pull/223)</small>

### URL Prefix

```yaml
url_prefix: https://dev.company.local/verdaccio/
```

Since: `verdaccio@2.3.6` due [#197](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/pull/197)


### Max Body Size

By default the maximum body size for a JSON document is `10mb`, if you run in errors as `"request entity too large"` you may increase this value.

```yaml
max_body_size: 10mb
```

### Listen Port

`verdaccio` runs by default in the port `4873`. Changing the port can be done via [cli](cli.md) or in the configuration file, the following options are valid.

```yaml
listen:
# - localhost:4873            # default value
# - http://localhost:4873     # same thing
# - 0.0.0.0:4873              # listen on all addresses (INADDR_ANY)
# - https://example.org:4873  # if you want to use https
# - "[::1]:4873"                # ipv6
# - unix:/tmp/verdaccio.sock    # unix socket
```

### HTTPS

To enable `https` in `verdaccio` it's enough to set the `listen` flag with the protocol *https://*. For more information about this section read the [ssl page](ssl.md).


```yaml
https:
    key: ./path/verdaccio-key.pem
    cert: ./path/verdaccio-cert.pem
    ca: ./path/verdaccio-csr.pem
```

### Proxy

Proxies are special-purpose HTTP servers designed to transfer data from remote servers to local clients.

#### http_proxy and https_proxy

If you have a proxy in your network you can set a `X-Forwarded-For` header using the following properties.

```yaml
http_proxy: http://something.local/
https_proxy: https://something.local/
```

#### no_proxy

This variable should contain a comma-separated list of domain extensions proxy should not be used for.

```yaml
no_proxy: localhost,127.0.0.1
```

### Notifications

Enabling notifications to third-party tools is fairly easy via web hooks. For more information about this section read the [notifications page](notifications.md).

```yaml
notify:
  method: POST
  headers: [{'Content-Type': 'application/json'}]
  endpoint: https://usagge.hipchat.com/v2/room/3729485/notification?auth_token=mySecretToken
  content: '{"color":"green","message":"New package published: * {{ name }}*","notify":true,"message_format":"text"}'
```


> For more detailed configuration settings, please [check the source code](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/tree/master/conf).


### Audit

<small>Since: `verdaccio@3.0.0`</small>

`npm audit` is a new command released with [npm 6.x](https://github.com/npm/npm/releases/tag/v6.1.0). Verdaccio includes
a built-in middleware plugin to handle this command.

> If you have a new installation it comes by default, otherwise you need to add the following props to your config file

```yaml
middlewares:
  audit:
    enabled: true
```

Commit message:

feat: add support for jwt on api (#896)
* feat: add support for jwt on api

* test: add unit test for sign token with jwt

add multiple scenarios with configuration file

* chore: add JWT verification on middleware

* chore: restore headless

* chore: restore middleware header validation

* refactor: fix login whether user exists

* refactor: JWT is signed asynchronously

* refactor: better structure and new naming convention

* test: add unit test for token signature

* test: add unit test for creating user with JWT enabled

#168

* docs: add security section jwt

* refactor: renable  web auth middleware

* test(auth): add legacy disabled scenario

* chore: update gitignore

* chore: add some es6 sugar

* feat: enable JWT token signature for new installations

* chore: add yaml files to git

I forgot add this before :mask:

* chore: trace log on auth

in case we want more output

docs/config.md, after:

---
id: configuration
title: "Configuration File"
---

This file is the cornerstone of verdaccio where you can modify the default behaviour, enable plugins and extend features.

A default configuration file is created the very first time you run `verdaccio`.

## Default Configuration

The default configuration has support for **scoped** packages and allow any user to access all packages but only **authenticated users to publish**.

```yaml
storage: ./storage
auth:
  htpasswd:
    file: ./htpasswd
uplinks:
  npmjs:
    url: https://registry.npmjs.org/
packages:
  '@*/*':
    access: $all
    publish: $authenticated
    proxy: npmjs
  '**':
    proxy: npmjs
logs:
  - {type: stdout, format: pretty, level: http}
```

## Sections

The following sections explain what each property means and the different options.

### Storage

Is the location of the default storage. **Verdaccio is by default based on local file system**.

```yaml
storage: ./storage
```

### Plugins

Is the location of the plugin directory. Useful for Docker/Kubernetes based deployments.

```yaml
plugins: ./plugins
```

### Authentification

The authentification set up is done here, the default auth is based on `htpasswd` and is built-in. You can modify this behaviour via [plugins](plugins.md). For more information about this section read the [auth page](auth.md).

```yaml
auth:
  htpasswd:
    file: ./htpasswd
    max_users: 1000
```

### Security

<small>Since: `verdaccio@4.0.0` due [#168](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/pull/168)</small>

The security block allows you to customise the token signature. To enable [JWT (json web token)](https://jwt.io/) new signture you need to add the block `jwt` to `api` section,  `web` uses by default `jwt`. 

The configuration is separated in two sections, `api` and `web`. To use JWT on  `api`, it has to be defined, otherwise will use the legacy token signature (`aes192`). For JWT you might customize the [signature](https://github.com/auth0/node-jsonwebtoken#jwtsignpayload-secretorprivatekey-options-callback) and the token [verification](https://github.com/auth0/node-jsonwebtoken#jwtverifytoken-secretorpublickey-options-callback) with your own properties.

```
security:
  api:
    legacy: true
    jwt:
      sign:
        expiresIn: 29d
      verify:
        someProp: [value]
   web:
     sign:
       expiresIn: 7d # 7 days by default
     verify:
     	someProp: [value]
```
> We highly recommend move to JWT since legacy signature (`aes192`) is deprecated and will disappear in future versions. 

### Web UI

This properties allow you to modify the look and feel of the web UI. For more information about this section read the [web ui page](web.md).

```yaml
web:
  enable: true
  title: Verdaccio
  logo: logo.png
  scope:
```

### Uplinks

Uplinks is the ability of the system to fetch packages from remote registries when those packages are not available locally. For more information about this section read the [uplinks page](uplinks.md).


```yaml
uplinks:
  npmjs:
    url: https://registry.npmjs.org/
```

### Packages

Packages allow the user to control how the packages are gonna be accessed. For more information about this section read the [packages page](packages.md).


```yaml
packages:
  '@*/*':
    access: $all
    publish: $authenticated
    proxy: npmjs
```

## Advanced Settings

### Offline Publish

By default `verdaccio` does not allow to publish when the client is offline, that behavior can be overridden by setting this to *true*.

```yaml
publish:
  allow_offline: false
```

<small>Since: `verdaccio@2.3.6` due [#223](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/pull/223)</small>

### URL Prefix

```yaml
url_prefix: https://dev.company.local/verdaccio/
```

Since: `verdaccio@2.3.6` due [#197](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/pull/197)


### Max Body Size

By default the maximum body size for a JSON document is `10mb`, if you run in errors as `"request entity too large"` you may increase this value.

```yaml
max_body_size: 10mb
```

### Listen Port

`verdaccio` runs by default in the port `4873`. Changing the port can be done via [cli](cli.md) or in the configuration file, the following options are valid.

```yaml
listen:
# - localhost:4873            # default value
# - http://localhost:4873     # same thing
# - 0.0.0.0:4873              # listen on all addresses (INADDR_ANY)
# - https://example.org:4873  # if you want to use https
# - "[::1]:4873"                # ipv6
# - unix:/tmp/verdaccio.sock    # unix socket
```

### HTTPS

To enable `https` in `verdaccio` it's enough to set the `listen` flag with the protocol *https://*. For more information about this section read the [ssl page](ssl.md).


```yaml
https:
    key: ./path/verdaccio-key.pem
    cert: ./path/verdaccio-cert.pem
    ca: ./path/verdaccio-csr.pem
```

### Proxy

Proxies are special-purpose HTTP servers designed to transfer data from remote servers to local clients.

#### http_proxy and https_proxy

If you have a proxy in your network you can set a `X-Forwarded-For` header using the following properties.

```yaml
http_proxy: http://something.local/
https_proxy: https://something.local/
```

#### no_proxy

This variable should contain a comma-separated list of domain extensions proxy should not be used for.

```yaml
no_proxy: localhost,127.0.0.1
```

### Notifications

Enabling notifications to third-party tools is fairly easy via web hooks. For more information about this section read the [notifications page](notifications.md).

```yaml
notify:
  method: POST
  headers: [{'Content-Type': 'application/json'}]
  endpoint: https://usagge.hipchat.com/v2/room/3729485/notification?auth_token=mySecretToken
  content: '{"color":"green","message":"New package published: * {{ name }}*","notify":true,"message_format":"text"}'
```


> For more detailed configuration settings, please [check the source code](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/tree/master/conf).


### Audit

<small>Since: `verdaccio@3.0.0`</small>

`npm audit` is a new command released with [npm 6.x](https://github.com/npm/npm/releases/tag/v6.1.0). Verdaccio includes
a built-in middleware plugin to handle this command.

> If you have a new installation it comes by default, otherwise you need to add the following props to your config file

```yaml
middlewares:
  audit:
    enabled: true
```
