website/versioned_docs/version-6.x/install.md, before:

---
id: installation
title: 'Installation'
---

Verdaccio is a Node.js private and proxy registry. To install it, you need a few basic prerequisites.

## Prerequisites {#prerequisites}

1. **Node.js** `v18` or higher.

2. Your favorite Node Package Manager `npm`, `pnpm` or `yarn` (classic and berry).

> We highly recommend to use the latest versions of Node Package Manager clients `> npm@6.x | yarn@1.x | | yarn@2.x | pnpm@6.x`. Don't support `npm@5.x` or older.

3. A modern web browser to run the web interface. We actually support `Chrome, Firefox, Edge`.

> Verdaccio will support latest Node.js version according the [Node.js Release Working Group](https://github.com/nodejs/Release) recomendations.

Are you still using **Verdaccio 4**?. Check the [migration guide](https://verdaccio.org/blog/2021/04/14/verdaccio-5-migration-guide).

### Quick Introduction {#quick-introduction}

Learn the basics before getting started, how to install, where is the location of the configuration file and more.

<iframe width="560" height="515" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/hDIFKzmoCaA" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Installing the CLI {#installing-the-cli}

> Before using Verdaccio in production, please read and be [aware of the best practices](best-practices.md).

`Verdaccio` must be installed globally using either of the following methods:

Using `npm`

```bash
npm install -g verdaccio
```

or using `yarn`

```bash
yarn global add verdaccio
```

or using `pnpm`

```bash
pnpm install -g verdaccio
```

![install verdaccio](/img/install_verdaccio.gif)

### Next major release (verdaccio 6 alpha) {#next-major-release}

Next [major release is under development](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/discussions/2970), byt can try it out already, either for testing purposes or helping to catch any possible bug, if you find something report it under the label [6.x bugs](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/labels/6.x%20bugs).

```bash
npm install -g verdaccio@7-next
```

or with the docker image

```bash
docker pull verdaccio/verdaccio:nightly-master
```

> The docker image `verdaccio/verdaccio:nightly-master` is alinged with the latest commits in master branch, while the npmjs version has a longer release cycle. **It is highly recommended don't use alpha versions for production**.

## Basic Usage {#basic-usage}

Once it has been installed, you only need to execute the CLI command:

```bash
$> verdaccio
warn --- config file  - /home/.config/verdaccio/config.yaml
warn --- http address - http://localhost:4873/ - verdaccio/5.0.0
```

For more information about the CLI, please [read the cli section](cli.md).

You can set the registry by using the following command.

```bash
npm set registry http://localhost:4873/
```

you can pass a `--registry` flag when needed.

```bash
npm install --registry http://localhost:4873
```

define in your `.npmrc` a `registry` field.

```bash title=".npmrc"
registry=http://localhost:4873
```

Or a `publishConfig` in your `package.json`

```json
{
  "publishConfig": {
    "registry": "http://localhost:4873"
  }
}
```

For alternative configurations, please read the [Using a private registry](cli-registry.md) section.

## Create Your Own Private NPM Package Tutorial {#create-your-own-private-npm-package-tutorial}

If you'd like a broader explanation, don't miss the tutorial created by [thedevlife](https://mybiolink.co/thedevlife) on how to Create Your Own Private NPM Package using Verdaccio.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Co0RwdpEsag?enablejsapi=1" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Docker Image {#docker-image}

```bash
docker run -it --rm --name verdaccio -p 4873:4873 verdaccio/verdaccio
```

`Verdaccio` has an official docker image you can use, and in most cases, the default configuration is good enough. For more information about how to install the official image, [read the docker section](docker.md), furthermore you can learn more about combining Docker images in our [docker-examples](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/tree/master/docker-examples) repository.

## Helm Chart {#helm-chart}

```bash
$ helm repo add verdaccio https://charts.verdaccio.org
$ helm repo update
$ helm install verdaccio/verdaccio
```

## Cloudron {#cloudron}

`Verdaccio` is also available as a 1-click install on [Cloudron](https://cloudron.io)

[![Install](https://cloudron.io/img/button.svg)](https://cloudron.io/button.html?app=org.eggertsson.verdaccio)

## Heroku with Docker

For easy deployment you could use [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/home), the _free_ dyno tier allows you to test their platform using a Docker container, check this example.

[https://github.com/juanpicado/verdaccio-heroku-example](https://github.com/juanpicado/verdaccio-heroku-example)

Commit message:

website: update env and migration docs (#5051)

website/versioned_docs/version-6.x/install.md, after:

---
id: installation
title: 'Installation'
---

Verdaccio is a Node.js private and proxy registry. To install it, you need a few basic prerequisites.

## Prerequisites {#prerequisites}

1. **Node.js** `v18` or higher.

2. Your favorite Node Package Manager `npm`, `pnpm` or `yarn` (classic and berry).

> We highly recommend to use the latest versions of Node Package Manager clients `> npm@6.x | yarn@1.x | | yarn@2.x | pnpm@6.x`. Don't support `npm@5.x` or older.

3. A modern web browser to run the web interface. We actually support `Chrome, Firefox, Edge`.

> Verdaccio will support latest Node.js version according the [Node.js Release Working Group](https://github.com/nodejs/Release) recomendations.

Are you still using **Verdaccio 4**?. Check the [migration guide](https://verdaccio.org/blog/2021/04/14/verdaccio-5-migration-guide).

### Quick Introduction {#quick-introduction}

Learn the basics before getting started, how to install, where is the location of the configuration file and more.

<iframe width="560" height="515" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/hDIFKzmoCaA" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Installing the CLI {#installing-the-cli}

> Before using Verdaccio in production, please read and be [aware of the best practices](best-practices.md).

`Verdaccio` must be installed globally using either of the following methods:

Using `npm`

```bash
npm install -g verdaccio
```

or using `yarn`

```bash
yarn global add verdaccio
```

or using `pnpm`

```bash
pnpm install -g verdaccio
```

![install verdaccio](/img/install_verdaccio.gif)

### Next Major Release (Verdaccio 7) {#next-major-release}

Next [major release is under development](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/discussions/2970). You can try it out already, either for testing purposes, or for helping to catch any possible bug. If you find something, report it under the label [`7.x branch (next)`](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%227.x+branch+%28next%29%22).

```bash
npm install -g verdaccio@7-next
```

or with the docker image

```bash
docker pull verdaccio/verdaccio:nightly-master
```

> The docker image `verdaccio/verdaccio:nightly-master` is alinged with the latest commits in `master` branch, while the npmjs version has a longer release cycle. **It is highly recommended to not use alpha versions for production**.

## Migration Guides

The migration from Verdaccio v5/v6 to v7 contains breaking changes. Refer to the preliminary [migration guide](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/blob/master/docs/migration-v5-to-v6.md) for more information.

For migrations from older versions to v5/6 refer to the [v5 migration guide](https://verdaccio.org/blog/2021/04/14/verdaccio-5-migration-guide/).

## Basic Usage {#basic-usage}

Once it has been installed, you only need to execute the CLI command:

```bash
$> verdaccio
warn --- config file  - /home/.config/verdaccio/config.yaml
warn --- http address - http://localhost:4873/ - verdaccio/5.0.0
```

For more information about the CLI, please [read the cli section](cli.md).

You can set the registry by using the following command.

```bash
npm set registry http://localhost:4873/
```

you can pass a `--registry` flag when needed.

```bash
npm install --registry http://localhost:4873
```

define in your `.npmrc` a `registry` field.

```bash title=".npmrc"
registry=http://localhost:4873
```

Or a `publishConfig` in your `package.json`

```json
{
  "publishConfig": {
    "registry": "http://localhost:4873"
  }
}
```

For alternative configurations, please read the [Using a private registry](cli-registry.md) section.

## Create Your Own Private NPM Package Tutorial {#create-your-own-private-npm-package-tutorial}

If you'd like a broader explanation, don't miss the tutorial created by [thedevlife](https://mybiolink.co/thedevlife) on how to Create Your Own Private NPM Package using Verdaccio.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Co0RwdpEsag?enablejsapi=1" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Docker Image {#docker-image}

```bash
docker run -it --rm --name verdaccio -p 4873:4873 verdaccio/verdaccio
```

`Verdaccio` has an official docker image you can use, and in most cases, the default configuration is good enough. For more information about how to install the official image, [read the docker section](docker.md), furthermore you can learn more about combining Docker images in our [docker-examples](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/tree/master/docker-examples) repository.

## Helm Chart {#helm-chart}

```bash
$ helm repo add verdaccio https://charts.verdaccio.org
$ helm repo update
$ helm install verdaccio/verdaccio
```

## Cloudron {#cloudron}

`Verdaccio` is also available as a 1-click install on [Cloudron](https://cloudron.io)

[![Install](https://cloudron.io/img/button.svg)](https://cloudron.io/button.html?app=org.eggertsson.verdaccio)

## Heroku with Docker

For easy deployment you could use [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/home), the _free_ dyno tier allows you to test their platform using a Docker container, check this example.

[https://github.com/juanpicado/verdaccio-heroku-example](https://github.com/juanpicado/verdaccio-heroku-example)
